>> Speaker 1: If somebody
were using edge dev tools,
how much different would
they be in your opinion?
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, no, so,
yeah, that's a great question.
So edge now is fully chromium-based,
so it'll be the exact same dev tools.
They might be a few versions behind, but-
>> Speaker 1: So it's almost a mirror,
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, so-
>> Speaker 1: Same edge?
>> Jon Kuperman: Yes, so
it is the same like edge.
Edge uses V8, so JavaScript tests will
pass in the same as both of them.
It does quite a lot of different things.
It's more than just
the UI that's different.
Like they block things or
allow things or deprioritize,
they still have a lot of things that
make them like a more unique browser.
But yeah, all JavaScript will execute
the same in both browsers and
the dev tools will look
the same in both browsers.
And then Firefox has their own unique set,
and then a Safari and
Opera use the WebKit set.
So there's kind of three dev tools.
So, yeah, like Edge and Chrome and
then although Chrome reskins.
So DuckDuckGo and Brave,
those all use the same.
There might be a few versions behind
cuz they might have built a while ago,
but they'll be the exact same code for
the dev tools.
>> Speaker 1: Is it possible to collate
coverage analysis across multiple pages?
>> Jon Kuperman: No,
that's such a cool idea.
I think that should be like you could
be able to like start collation, and
then click around, no.
I think that if you do it through
instead of the coverage tab,
if you do it through the Performance tab,
then you can start a recording,
click on Each page, and that coverage
number will be accurately reflected.
But I think the actual little,
Coverage sub-tab is current coverage.
Awesome.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Jon Kuperman: Thank you all very much.
Yeah, really appreciate all the questions.